energy and economic performance
thermal comfort and phonic quality of
air and hygiene in the premises
sustainability of the building ventilation
mechanically controlled double flow
is an appropriate response to
requirements of the modern habitat that this
either for new or renovation
the role of mechanical ventilation
controlled is to ensure the
air exchange by bringing to
eur9 collected outside and
rejecting the stale air of the dwelling
unlike simple ventilation
flow that rejects the warm air of the
house and makes return cold air
the vmc dual stream integrates a system
heat exchangers that recovers the
calories from the extracted air and the
transfers to fresh air entering the stream
fresh air collected outside
the house is transported to
dual flow system the latter is
preheated in which are thanks to a
high efficiency heat exchanger
then transit through a network of ducts
from insufflation to the living rooms
the rooms the living room the office the stream
of stale air laden with moisture and
various household pollutants is sucked
in the rooms say wet the kitchen
and sanitary bathrooms or
still the laundry this busy earth
in calories but also to
pollution transit in the network
extraction to the caisson of the
double flux ventilation
at the heart of the device lies
the heat exchanger
it is in the latter that warm air and
wet 7 these calories to their nine and
cold coming from outside
the performance of some systems
around 90%
that means a lot of the
calories normally lost are
recovered and saved thanks to
the device
the vmc dual stream plays a role
important at any season in summer she
Refreshes incoming fresh air
and control summer overheating
at mid-season the bypass allows
optimize the recovery of calories
for indoor temperatures and
outside are close once
the heat exchanged performed
stale air cooled air rejected to
outside by a wall outlet or
roofs opted for a system of
performing ventilation is therefore doing
choosing a comfortable healthy habitat
and economical in perfect adequacy with
the rt 2012
by recovering more than 90% of calories
rejected air
it is possible thanks to a ventilation
double stream to reduce its bill by 20%
of heating
so a family who occupies a house
of 100 square meters and 1500 expenses
per year for heating might
save 300 euros a year on his
energy bill
the savings achieved will lighten your
monthly charges and improve your
ability to finance your project